README.md, before:

<p align="center">
<img alt='Due Helper Logo' width="400"  src='/public/logo.png'/>
<br/>
<span>A free & open-source software for managing tasks. Optimized for tasks with due dates under categories.</span>
<br/>
<span>Made by <a href="https://github.com/BenjaminYe36">Guangyin Ye</a></span>
</p>

English | [简体中文](./README-zh_CN.md)

## Big Changes
- Switched from Electron to Tauri for reduced executable size (From 193 MB down to less than 3 MB (on Windows))
- Added localization support for zh-CN

## Screenshots
[![en-1.png](https://s1.ax1x.com/2022/08/21/vyQ2uR.png)](https://imgse.com/i/vyQ2uR)
[![en-2.png](https://s1.ax1x.com/2022/08/21/vyQRD1.png)](https://imgse.com/i/vyQRD1)
[![en-3.png](https://s1.ax1x.com/2022/08/21/vyQcv9.png)](https://imgse.com/i/vyQcv9)

## Download page
[See release here](https://github.com/BenjaminYe36/Due-Helper/releases)

## User Guide
[See wiki here](https://github.com/BenjaminYe36/Due-Helper/wiki)

## Testing & Building
### Pre-req for testing

- Rust & System specific pre-req ([please view Tauri doc here](https://tauri.app/v1/guides/getting-started/prerequisites))
- NodeJs & npm

### Testing instructions
1. git clone this repo or download source code and extract
2. install Tauri pre-req by following [this guide](https://tauri.app/v1/guides/getting-started/prerequisites)
3. run `npm install` under project folder
4. run `npm run tauri dev` for dev build testing

### Building
run command `npm run tauri build` for creating distribution for your platform

## Many Thanks to Tauri and its documentation

- You could learn more about Tauri [here](https://tauri.app/)

Commit message:

deployed to github pages & updated readmes

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
<img alt='Due Helper Logo' width="400"  src='/public/logo.png'/>
<br/>
<span>A free & open-source software for managing tasks. Optimized for tasks with due dates under categories.</span>
<br/>
<span>Made by <a href="https://github.com/BenjaminYe36">Guangyin Ye</a></span>
</p>

English | [简体中文](./README-zh_CN.md)

## Big Changes
- Now Due Helper has a Web App version! (which means you can try out or use without any installation)
- Link: [https://benjaminye36.github.io/Due-Helper/](https://benjaminye36.github.io/Due-Helper/)
- **IMPORTANT NOTE**: The Web App relies on browser localStorage to persist data, using incognito mode or clearing the browsing data
will make the task data go away.

## Screenshots
[![en-1.png](https://i.ibb.co/J7Pk8VD/due-helper-2-3-0-en-1.png)](https://ibb.co/wW168V5)
[![en-2.png](https://i.ibb.co/0Gb5qXD/due-helper-2-3-0-en-2.png)](https://ibb.co/BCMkLPz)
[![en-3.png](https://i.ibb.co/pdxQXfj/due-helper-2-3-0-en-3-web.png)](https://ibb.co/jDTz4yk)

## Web App Page
[See deployed Web App here](https://benjaminye36.github.io/Due-Helper/)

## User Guide
[See wiki here](https://github.com/BenjaminYe36/Due-Helper/wiki)

## Testing & Building
### Pre-req for testing

- NodeJs & npm

### Testing instructions
1. git clone this repo or download source code and extract
2. run `npm install` under project folder
3. run `npm run dev` for dev build testing

### Building
run command `npm run build` for creating the production build

## Many Thanks to GitHub Pages & Browser localStorage
